README.MD, before:

# ffmpeg-webworker-madvise

A WebWorker implementation that eases the use of ffmpeg library in the browser.

This fork contains fixed version of ffmep-all-codecs file (_madvise function issue). Terminate function added

This builds upon an existing work geniusly done by the folks at
[Ffmpeg.js](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Ffmpeg.js/) and
[videoconverter.js](https://github.com/bgrins/videoconverter.js)

## Demo

[See it here (original version)](https://limistah.github.io/ffmpeg-webworker)

## Installation

```bash
npm install --save ffmpeg-webworker
```

or:

```bash
yarn add ffmpeg-webworker
```

## Usage

```js
import { FFMPEGWebworkerClient } from 'ffmpeg-webworker';
import React from 'react';

const workerClient = new FFMPEGWebworkerClient();

class FFMPEG extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);

    this.state = {
      stdOutputText: '',
      ffmpegReady: false,
    };

    this.updateStdOutputText = this.updateStdOutputText.bind(this);
    this.handleInputChange = this.handleInputChange.bind(this);
    this.handleListCodecs = this.handleListCodecs.bind(this);
  }

  componentWillMount() {
    workerClient.on('onReady', () => this.setState({ ffmpegReady: true }));
    workerClient.on('onStdout', (msg) => this.updateStdOutputText(msg));
    workerClient.on('onFileReceived', (msg) => this.updateStdOutputText(msg));
    workerClient.on('onDone', (data) => {
      this.updateStdOutputText('Command Completed, check the console');
      console.log(data);
    });
  }

  updateStdOutputText(text) {
    this.setState({
      stdOutputText: `${this.state.stdOutputText} \n\n ${text}`,
    });
  }

  handleInputChange(e) {
    this.setState({ stdOutputText: '' });

    const file = e.currentTarget.files[0];
    // Set the file for processing
    workerClient.inputFile = file;
    // Run a valid ffmpeg command
    workerClient.runCommand('-ss 00:00:05 -c copy -t 12 sliced-output.mp4');
  }

  Input({ onChange }) {
    return (
      <input
        type="file"
        accept="audio/*,video/*"
        onChange={(e) => onChange(e)}
      />
    );
  }

  StdOutput({ text, ffmpegReady }) {
    return (
      <pre>
        {ffmpegReady ? 'FFMPEG is ready' : 'Loading FFMPEG'}
        {text}
      </pre>
    );
  }

  handleListCodecs(e) {
    e.preventDefault();
    this.setState({ stdOutputText: '' });
    // Run a valid ffmpeg command
    workerClient.runCommand('-codecs');
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        {<this.Input onChange={this.handleInputChange} />}
        <button onClick={this.handleListCodecs}>List Codecs</button>
        <this.StdOutput
          text={this.state.stdOutputText}
          ffmpegReady={this.state.ffmpegReady}
        />
      </div>
    );
  }
}

<FFMPEG />;
```

## Docs

The default export from the library is a standard NodeJS event emitter client
would listen to and dispatch events based on interactions with an already loaded
ffmpeg webworker Javascript library inside of a webworker.

It supports the following properties:

### workerClient.on : void

Receives an event from the ffmpeg webworker. Below are the supported commands:

- _onReady_: The webworker has loaded ffmpeg successfully.
- _onStdout_: Listens to standard ffmpeg-js message outputs.
- _onStart_: Command has been received and started.
- _onDone_: Command has been completed. Receives the data from ffmpeg as the
  first parameter.
- _onFileReceived_: Input file has been set on the client.

### workerClient.inputFile : File

The file that ffmpeg-webworker would be working with on issue of command.

### workerClient.worker : WebWorker

An instance of the web worker that has ffmpeg-js loaded in it.

### workerClient.readFileAsBufferArray (file: File) : ArrayBuffer

Converts the passed file to a file buffer array.

### workerClient.inputFileExists : boolean

Detects if the inputFile has been passed in correctly.

### workerClient.convertInputFileToArrayBuffer (file: File) : ArrayBuffer

Converts already set input file in the library to Buffer Array for processing

### workerClient.runCommand (command: String, totalMemory = 33554432: Number) : void

Accepts a valid ffmpeg command to be run against the input file

### workerClient.log (message: String [, String []]) : void

Logs messages to standard console.

This is the default exported property of the module. It ease the interaction
with the already initialized and loaded ffmpeg webworker Javascript library.

Other exported modules are:

### FFMPEGWebworker

The official web worker implementation that makes easier the loading of
ffmpeg-js and running command in a worker.

### FFMPEGWebworkerClient

Official listener for FFMPEGWebworker.

```js static
import { FFMPEGWebworkerClient } from 'ffmpeg-webworker';

const webworkerClient = new FFMPEGWebworkerClient();

// The above is same as
// import webworkerClient from "ffmpeg-webworker";

webworkerClient.on('ready', () => {
  console.log('FFMPEG has been loaded, and can receive commands');
});
```

## Credits

This library has been made possible with the awesome work by folks at
[Ffmpeg.js](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Ffmpeg.js/) and [ffmpeg-webworker](https://github.com/limistah/ffmpeg-webworker)

Commit message:

feat: Added ffmpegPath argument to FFMPEGWebworkerClient constructor to change where to load ffmpeg-all-codes.js from.

README.MD, after:

# ffmpeg-webworker-madvise

A WebWorker implementation that eases the use of ffmpeg library in the browser.

This fork contains fixed version of ffmep-all-codecs file (_madvise function issue). Terminate function added

This builds upon an existing work geniusly done by the folks at
[Ffmpeg.js](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Ffmpeg.js/) and
[videoconverter.js](https://github.com/bgrins/videoconverter.js)

## Demo

[See it here (original version)](https://limistah.github.io/ffmpeg-webworker)

## Installation

```bash
npm install --save ffmpeg-webworker
```

or:

```bash
yarn add ffmpeg-webworker
```

## Usage

```js
import { FFMPEGWebworkerClient } from 'ffmpeg-webworker';
import React from 'react';

const workerClient = new FFMPEGWebworkerClient();

class FFMPEG extends React.Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);

    this.state = {
      stdOutputText: '',
      ffmpegReady: false,
    };

    this.updateStdOutputText = this.updateStdOutputText.bind(this);
    this.handleInputChange = this.handleInputChange.bind(this);
    this.handleListCodecs = this.handleListCodecs.bind(this);
  }

  componentWillMount() {
    workerClient.on('onReady', () => this.setState({ ffmpegReady: true }));
    workerClient.on('onStdout', (msg) => this.updateStdOutputText(msg));
    workerClient.on('onFileReceived', (msg) => this.updateStdOutputText(msg));
    workerClient.on('onDone', (data) => {
      this.updateStdOutputText('Command Completed, check the console');
      console.log(data);
    });
  }

  updateStdOutputText(text) {
    this.setState({
      stdOutputText: `${this.state.stdOutputText} \n\n ${text}`,
    });
  }

  handleInputChange(e) {
    this.setState({ stdOutputText: '' });

    const file = e.currentTarget.files[0];
    // Set the file for processing
    workerClient.inputFile = file;
    // Run a valid ffmpeg command
    workerClient.runCommand('-ss 00:00:05 -c copy -t 12 sliced-output.mp4');
  }

  Input({ onChange }) {
    return (
      <input
        type="file"
        accept="audio/*,video/*"
        onChange={(e) => onChange(e)}
      />
    );
  }

  StdOutput({ text, ffmpegReady }) {
    return (
      <pre>
        {ffmpegReady ? 'FFMPEG is ready' : 'Loading FFMPEG'}
        {text}
      </pre>
    );
  }

  handleListCodecs(e) {
    e.preventDefault();
    this.setState({ stdOutputText: '' });
    // Run a valid ffmpeg command
    workerClient.runCommand('-codecs');
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        {<this.Input onChange={this.handleInputChange} />}
        <button onClick={this.handleListCodecs}>List Codecs</button>
        <this.StdOutput
          text={this.state.stdOutputText}
          ffmpegReady={this.state.ffmpegReady}
        />
      </div>
    );
  }
}

<FFMPEG />;
```

## Docs

The default export from the library is a standard NodeJS event emitter client
would listen to and dispatch events based on interactions with an already loaded
ffmpeg webworker Javascript library inside of a webworker.

It supports the following properties:

### workerClient.on : void

Receives an event from the ffmpeg webworker. Below are the supported commands:

- _onReady_: The webworker has loaded ffmpeg successfully.
- _onStdout_: Listens to standard ffmpeg-js message outputs.
- _onStart_: Command has been received and started.
- _onDone_: Command has been completed. Receives the data from ffmpeg as the
  first parameter.
- _onFileReceived_: Input file has been set on the client.

### workerClient.inputFile : File

The file that ffmpeg-webworker would be working with on issue of command.

### workerClient.worker : WebWorker

An instance of the web worker that has ffmpeg-js loaded in it.

### workerClient.readFileAsBufferArray (file: File) : ArrayBuffer

Converts the passed file to a file buffer array.

### workerClient.inputFileExists : boolean

Detects if the inputFile has been passed in correctly.

### workerClient.convertInputFileToArrayBuffer (file: File) : ArrayBuffer

Converts already set input file in the library to Buffer Array for processing

### workerClient.runCommand (command: String, totalMemory = 33554432: Number) : void

Accepts a valid ffmpeg command to be run against the input file

### workerClient.log (message: String [, String []]) : void

Logs messages to standard console.

This is the default exported property of the module. It ease the interaction
with the already initialized and loaded ffmpeg webworker Javascript library.

Other exported modules are:

### FFMPEGWebworker

The official web worker implementation that makes easier the loading of
ffmpeg-js and running command in a worker.

### FFMPEGWebworkerClient

Official listener for FFMPEGWebworker.

Optional: Can take `ffmpegPath` argument in constructor to change where to load `ffmpeg-all-codecs.js` from.
Will default to `https://raw.githack.com/Girilloid/ffmpeg/master/ffmpeg-all-codecs.js` if not provided.

```js static
import { FFMPEGWebworkerClient } from 'ffmpeg-webworker';

const webworkerClient = new FFMPEGWebworkerClient();

// The above is same as
// import webworkerClient from "ffmpeg-webworker";

webworkerClient.on('ready', () => {
  console.log('FFMPEG has been loaded, and can receive commands');
});
```

## Credits

This library has been made possible with the awesome work by folks at
[Ffmpeg.js](https://github.com/muaz-khan/Ffmpeg.js/) and [ffmpeg-webworker](https://github.com/limistah/ffmpeg-webworker)
